Colour key: I adjusted the values because NCBI preset values have overlap.
Transitions buggy in firefox

Lawrence
- hit stack not synchronising with other views [NOT SURE WHAT THIS MEANS. SEEMS OK.]




WISH LIST
- multiple hits along the same spoke (mouseover should highlight only the one)
- separate rows - no change there (mouseover should highlight only the one)
- overlapping divs on the same row in the hit stack (mouseover will need to highlight both)

table row for each hsp
node for each hsp
stroke for each hsp (overlap these)
bar for each hsp


1. count the number of hits
2. parse the xml differently. return exactly the same thing but with duplicate values
    for each additional hsp - these must each also contain the parent hit data
THERE WILL BE A LARGER NUMBER OF ELEMENTS IN ALL ARRAYS
3. while rendering, storage variable keeps track of current hit num and updates each time
    - if on update the hit num is the same as the previous hit num, set bars to appear overlapped
    on same line (position absolute, clear none, left ...?) - firstly render bars inside the same parent 
    div and then take care of overlapping them inside that div later
    - for wheel, don't change the xy offset for the spoke or the node. either don't render
    the label or make it hidden
    - no change to table


row == row, which happens to have nested rows
spoke == spoke (1 only)
label == label (1 only)
node == group of nodes
bar == group of bars

a bar is a div. each bar may contain one or two nested divs inside it
a node is a g element. each g element may contain one or more dots on it
a row is a row. each row may contain one or more nested rows

there MUST be exactly the same number of elements in the dataset as there are in the displays
the problem is not creating, the problem is manipulating
on sort/add/remove/rebind, dom elements are not created or destroyed, their attributes are simply changed
but if some elements become groups of elements, then a sort will require either physically rearranging the 
    elements in the dom and a rebind will require adding or deleting of many more elements

the other option is to keep them separate but to link them by data attributes, but this requires frequent
checking of data attributes rather than just indexing into the arrays

a third option is to overlay the additional elements

